The story of Armenia is a story of faith, the faith of courageous brothers and sisters who endured mob violence,
protests, and threats from those who do not know God, the faith of young brothers who were imprisoned
because they refused to compromise their neutrality, and the faith of lawyers who defended them when they were arrested.
In the early part of this period, the work operated out of the office in a local brother's home.
Today, the story is much different.
On May 14, 2016, our brothers in Armenia were delighted to dedicate a group of new facilities to accommodate future growth.
A branch facility, mainly located on six floors of a local building, a new assembly hall, and also a school facility.
The dedication week started off with a welcome night where many traveled long distances to attend, and some had not seen each other for a long time.
Well, we've never been to Armenia before, and meeting the brothers and sisters was such an experience.
They gave us a really warm welcome.
When I was 90, I decided no more Armenia, and now I'm 96 and you've said you're going to Armenia. What a blessing!
It was amazing to see so many brothers and sisters from different countries, and we're enjoying them very, very nice time with them.
Thanks to Jehovah, we really enjoyed this.
But the spiritual gems that we all enjoyed the most were during the dedication program held at the end of the week.
The program was filled with reports and interviews that touched our hearts, and brothers' plane of the governing body gave the dedication talk.
Is it your desire to dedicate the branch facilities, the assembly hall, and the school facility to Jehovah today?
We could never have imagined such a thing happening five years ago.
In the time that we arrived at the airport, we saw the brothers wholly holding up the JW dot org sign with their badges.
We were just so overwhelmed, so moved.
And I could feel as if I'm in the paradise today, because we have so many guests from different countries, and I could see their happy faces.
For many years to be in courts, in legal battles, for our brothers as conscientious objectors, or to go to the court for fighting a case, for just one kingdom hall, and suddenly to have branch and assembly hall and school facilities right away,
that's for me it's kind of unbelievable.
Today is great day for Jehovah's people in Armenia.
Truly, Jehovah has seen the faithful obedience of our brothers and sisters in Armenia.
We have witnessed Jehovah open the floodgates of the heavens and actually empty out a blessing until there is no more want.